alright well one other land in this
would have been fine hand but I'm fairly
happy with this did we see any removal I
don't think so we thought it did to all
we saw mugging sure alright so this
depends if he pumps I might go Gary
charm hopefully he plays a one drop
first or something with nevermind yeah
we milled this before this is going to
be a serious problem this game or not
hopefully he doesn't have his one
mugging he does not really the nests of
go guard charm up right now kill a
couple of his things sadly not gonna
happen that sucks yeah pass I could play
clue stone but I want charm up I'm two
charms up if need be magical attack I
don't know if he'll pump first to be
honest we'll find out he could want me
to block pumping than I Simic charm
off wow that's impressive because
that's an awful card you got me really
you know it probably should have
treasured find on that whatever now I
need to play this I'm gonna lose a game
to the frenzy tilling guy folks then
again he drew his last color of mana oh
now he's attacking impressive you
realized things yup think we screw here
maybe we could wait for him to do
something terrible I mean like Miss play
good for us terrible for him because I
imagine that's really not too hard for
him to do I should oh this is the
sorcery what I think was an instant and
maybe we do di probably be too good if
it was an instant hey you're using that
brain thing so yeah what i'm doing here
is waiting for him to pump hopefully he
pumps his sprite thank you
okay just get minus one minus one what's
your Trump oh yeah we're dead that would
have been one castable all right so the
always threatening frenzied tilling
didn't draw a lot of guys that Gabe
surprisingly